README.md, before:

Awesome 10x Genomics
====================

This repository attempts to gather tools related to the GEMCode/Chromium platforms from 10x Genomics. 

How to contribute
-----------------

Contribute to this repo by creating a PR with one or more new tools, and a link(s) to the corresponding repo(s) and a short description of what the tool does.

Linked reads
------------

[arcs](https://github.com/bcgsc/arcs)
Scaffold genome sequence assembly

[bxtools](https://github.com/walaj/bxtools)
Tools for analyzing 10x data

[grocsvs](https://github.com/grocsvs/grocsvs)
Genome-wide reconstruction of complex structural variants

[LRSIM](https://github.com/aquaskyline/LRSIM)
A simulator for linked reads

[tenx_utils](https://github.com/friend1ws/tenx_utils)
Utility functions for 10x data

[Topsorter](https://github.com/hanfang/Topsorter)
Graphic assement of structural variants

Single cell
-----------

[monocle-release](https://github.com/cole-trapnell-lab/monocle-release)
R analysis toolkit for single cell genomics

[seurat](https://github.com/satijalab/seurat)
R toolkit for single cell genomics

[Scanpy](https://github.com/theislab/scanpy)
Toolkit for simulating and analyzing single cell data

Commit message:

Added 10xqc.com and a logo, bit of styling.

README.md, after:

Awesome 10x Genomics
====================
![10x genomics logo](10x_Genomics_Logo.png)

This repository attempts to gather tools related to the GEMCode/Chromium platforms from [10x Genomics](https://www.10xgenomics.com).

How to contribute
-----------------

Contribute to this repo by creating a PR with one or more new tools, and a link(s) to the corresponding repo(s) and a short description of what the tool does.

Linked reads
------------

* [arcs](https://github.com/bcgsc/arcs) -
Scaffold genome sequence assembly

* [bxtools](https://github.com/walaj/bxtools) -
Tools for analyzing 10x data

* [grocsvs](https://github.com/grocsvs/grocsvs) -
Genome-wide reconstruction of complex structural variants

* [LRSIM](https://github.com/aquaskyline/LRSIM) -
A simulator for linked reads

* [tenx_utils](https://github.com/friend1ws/tenx_utils) -
Utility functions for 10x data

* [Topsorter](https://github.com/hanfang/Topsorter) -
Graphic assement of structural variants

Single cell
-----------

* [monocle-release](https://github.com/cole-trapnell-lab/monocle-release) -
R analysis toolkit for single cell genomics

* [seurat](https://github.com/satijalab/seurat) -
R toolkit for single cell genomics

* [Scanpy](https://github.com/theislab/scanpy) -
Toolkit for simulating and analyzing single cell data

* [10xQC](http://10xqc.com/) -
Database of 10x single cell QC metrics submitted by research groups worldwide.
